inspirational repos and links.MD, before:

# All kinds of links for repo projects, examples, packages, tutorials etc. grouped all together

## Repo projects

- https://github.com/Baeldung/spring-security-registration
- https://github.com/sivaprasadreddy/spring-boot-microservices-series
- https://github.com/darbyluv2code/spring-boot-3-spring-6-hibernate-for-beginners
- https://github.com/lokeshgupta1981/Spring-Security
- https://github.com/geekidea/spring-boot-plus
- https://github.com/hamvocke/spring-testing
- https://github.com/piomin/sample-spring-microservices-new
- https://github.com/bezkoder/spring-boot-spring-security-jwt-authentication
- https://github.com/AnghelLeonard/Hibernate-SpringBoot
- https://github.com/macrozheng/mall
- https://github.com/jeecgboot/jeecg-boot
- https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials
- https://github.com/ali-bouali/spring-boot-3-jwt-security
- https://github.com/gothinkster/spring-boot-realworld-example-app
- https://github.com/murraco/spring-boot-jwt
- https://github.com/Ordina-Group/microservices-dashboard
- https://github.com/wx-chevalier/ms-backend-boilerplates
- https://github.com/opentracing-contrib/java-spring-cloud
- https://github.com/spring-framework-guru/sfg-blog-posts
- https://github.com/g00glen00b/spring-samples
- https://github.com/Nasruddin/spring-boot-3-jwt-auth
- https://github.com/itbaima-study/SpringBoot-Vue-Template-Jwt
- https://github.com/Ons-diweni/Spring-Security-6-JWT
- https://github.com/OKaluzny/spring-boot-rest-api-postgresql
- https://github.com/haoxianrui/youlai-boot
- https://github.com/justauth/justauth-spring-boot-security-starter
- https://github.com/shirohoo/realworld-java17-springboot3
- https://github.com/ali-bouali/oauth2-social-login
- https://github.com/livk-cloud/spring-boot-extension
- https://github.com/rimmelasghar/SpringBoot-boilerPlate
- https://github.com/purnima-jain/spring-boot-multi-module
- https://github.com/openapi-processor/openapi-processor-spring
- https://github.com/NidhalNaffati/SpringSecurity_SpringBoot6_Vue3_JWT
- https://github.com/Angular2Guy/MovieManager
- https://github.com/pmoustopoulos/department-api
- https://github.com/Angular2Guy/AngularPortfolioMgr
- https://github.com/drahkrub/spring-boot-multi-module
- https://github.com/igor-baiborodine/campsite-booking/tree/master
- https://github.com/kasramp/spring-boot-aspectj
- https://github.com/tangllty/tang-boot
- https://github.com/SaiUpadhyayula/spring-security-jwt-demo/tree/master
- https://github.com/celestinoagudo/springboot-refresher
- https://github.com/glaumtechnologies/spring-boot-hibernate-multiple-module-with-security
- https://github.com/abdussametkaci/spring-boot-3-jwt-security-demo
- https://github.com/knowledgefactory4u/registration-login-spring-boot-security6-thymeleaf
- https://github.com/MossaabFrifita/spring-boot-3-security-6-jwt
- https://github.com/knowledgefactory4u/springboot3-postgresql-angular14-crud
- https://github.com/knowledgefactory4u/springboot3-mongodb-angular14-crud/tree/main
- https://github.com/jesusfc/springboot3-java17
- https://github.com/harunergul/city-app-backend
- https://github.com/hendisantika/spring-boot3-registration-login
- https://github.com/clonerplus/rest-api
- https://github.com/ivangfr/springboot-testing-mysql
- https://github.com/knowledgefactory4u/spring-boot-3-jpa-angular-15-material-crud
- https://github.com/hendisantika/springdoc-api-sample
- https://github.com/Space125/tasklist
- https://github.com/KnowHowSpringBoot/archetype-jpa-restful
- https://github.com/developersCradle/spring-springboot-hibernate-for-Beginners
- https://github.com/Nisanth2004/Admin-User_Registration_Login_SpringBoot-3.1.5
- https://github.com/HariCazorla/notemaker
- https://github.com/amaurote/paperworks
- https://github.com/KnowHowSpringBoot/sample-bookingdb-mix-rest-graphql-amqp
- https://github.com/Jun0613-spec/spring-boot-3.1-jwt-practice
- https://github.com/pepesan/spring-boot-3.1-api-rest-jpa-testing
- https://github.com/IsmaelMours/spring-boot-3-jwt-security-main
- https://github.com/luc-git-projects/Java-Unit-Testing-com-Spring-Boot-3-TDD-Junit-5-e-Mockito
- https://github.com/nathaliafelix31/demo-park-api
- https://github.com/mckiwen/spring-security-jwt-api
- https://github.com/Staymix/RestaurantVoting
- https://github.com/nharrer/spring-angular-boilerplate
- https://github.com/andrefilipeit/rest-springboot
- https://github.com/mysoyul/SpringBoot3_REST_JWT
- 

## Packages

- https://springdoc.org/
- https://github.com/ulisesbocchio/jasypt-spring-boot
- 

## Links

- https://start.spring.io/

## Tutorials



## Other

Commit message:

add default settings for spring boot template

inspirational repos and links.MD, after:

# All kinds of links for repo projects, examples, packages, tutorials etc. grouped all together

## Repo projects

- https://github.com/Baeldung/spring-security-registration
- https://github.com/sivaprasadreddy/spring-boot-microservices-series
- https://github.com/darbyluv2code/spring-boot-3-spring-6-hibernate-for-beginners
- https://github.com/lokeshgupta1981/Spring-Security
- https://github.com/geekidea/spring-boot-plus
- https://github.com/hamvocke/spring-testing
- https://github.com/piomin/sample-spring-microservices-new
- https://github.com/bezkoder/spring-boot-spring-security-jwt-authentication
- https://github.com/AnghelLeonard/Hibernate-SpringBoot
- https://github.com/macrozheng/mall
- https://github.com/jeecgboot/jeecg-boot
- https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials
- https://github.com/ali-bouali/spring-boot-3-jwt-security
- https://github.com/gothinkster/spring-boot-realworld-example-app
- https://github.com/murraco/spring-boot-jwt
- https://github.com/Ordina-Group/microservices-dashboard
- https://github.com/wx-chevalier/ms-backend-boilerplates
- https://github.com/opentracing-contrib/java-spring-cloud
- https://github.com/spring-framework-guru/sfg-blog-posts
- https://github.com/g00glen00b/spring-samples
- https://github.com/Nasruddin/spring-boot-3-jwt-auth
- https://github.com/itbaima-study/SpringBoot-Vue-Template-Jwt
- https://github.com/Ons-diweni/Spring-Security-6-JWT
- https://github.com/OKaluzny/spring-boot-rest-api-postgresql
- https://github.com/haoxianrui/youlai-boot
- https://github.com/justauth/justauth-spring-boot-security-starter
- https://github.com/shirohoo/realworld-java17-springboot3
- https://github.com/ali-bouali/oauth2-social-login
- https://github.com/livk-cloud/spring-boot-extension
- https://github.com/rimmelasghar/SpringBoot-boilerPlate
- https://github.com/purnima-jain/spring-boot-multi-module
- https://github.com/openapi-processor/openapi-processor-spring
- https://github.com/NidhalNaffati/SpringSecurity_SpringBoot6_Vue3_JWT
- https://github.com/Angular2Guy/MovieManager
- https://github.com/pmoustopoulos/department-api
- https://github.com/Angular2Guy/AngularPortfolioMgr
- https://github.com/drahkrub/spring-boot-multi-module
- https://github.com/igor-baiborodine/campsite-booking/tree/master
- https://github.com/kasramp/spring-boot-aspectj
- https://github.com/tangllty/tang-boot
- https://github.com/SaiUpadhyayula/spring-security-jwt-demo/tree/master
- https://github.com/celestinoagudo/springboot-refresher
- https://github.com/glaumtechnologies/spring-boot-hibernate-multiple-module-with-security
- https://github.com/abdussametkaci/spring-boot-3-jwt-security-demo
- https://github.com/knowledgefactory4u/registration-login-spring-boot-security6-thymeleaf
- https://github.com/MossaabFrifita/spring-boot-3-security-6-jwt
- https://github.com/knowledgefactory4u/springboot3-postgresql-angular14-crud
- https://github.com/knowledgefactory4u/springboot3-mongodb-angular14-crud/tree/main
- https://github.com/jesusfc/springboot3-java17
- https://github.com/harunergul/city-app-backend
- https://github.com/hendisantika/spring-boot3-registration-login
- https://github.com/clonerplus/rest-api
- https://github.com/ivangfr/springboot-testing-mysql
- https://github.com/knowledgefactory4u/spring-boot-3-jpa-angular-15-material-crud
- https://github.com/hendisantika/springdoc-api-sample
- https://github.com/Space125/tasklist
- https://github.com/KnowHowSpringBoot/archetype-jpa-restful
- https://github.com/developersCradle/spring-springboot-hibernate-for-Beginners
- https://github.com/Nisanth2004/Admin-User_Registration_Login_SpringBoot-3.1.5
- https://github.com/HariCazorla/notemaker
- https://github.com/amaurote/paperworks
- https://github.com/KnowHowSpringBoot/sample-bookingdb-mix-rest-graphql-amqp
- https://github.com/Jun0613-spec/spring-boot-3.1-jwt-practice
- https://github.com/pepesan/spring-boot-3.1-api-rest-jpa-testing
- https://github.com/IsmaelMours/spring-boot-3-jwt-security-main
- https://github.com/luc-git-projects/Java-Unit-Testing-com-Spring-Boot-3-TDD-Junit-5-e-Mockito
- https://github.com/nathaliafelix31/demo-park-api
- https://github.com/mckiwen/spring-security-jwt-api
- https://github.com/Staymix/RestaurantVoting
- https://github.com/nharrer/spring-angular-boilerplate
- https://github.com/andrefilipeit/rest-springboot
- https://github.com/mysoyul/SpringBoot3_REST_JWT
- 

## Packages

- https://springdoc.org/
- https://github.com/ulisesbocchio/jasypt-spring-boot
- 

## Links

- https://start.spring.io/

## Tutorials

## spring boot all kinds of tutorials and nice to know

- https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/spring-boot-random-dynamic-port-allocation/
- https://www.appsdeveloperblog.com/start-spring-boot-app-on-a-random-port-number/
- https://www.baeldung.com/spring-boot-running-port
- 
- 
- 


## Other
